docs: split up 'creating a fuel dapp' guide into multiple pages (#2134)
FuelLabs/fuels-ts: apps/docs/src/guide/creating-a-fuel-dapp/adding-decrement-functionality.md

# Adding Decrement Functionality

> To add decrement functionality to our counter, we will have to do two things: 1. Add a `decrement_counter` function to our Sway contract, and 2. Modify the `./src/pages/index.tsx` file to add a button that calls this function.

Reviewer: plus forgive my grammar nits but _To add decrement_ is a bit ironic 😄

```suggestion
In order to introduce decrement functionality to our counter, we will have to do two things: 1. Introduce a `decrement_counter` function to our Sway contract, and 2. Modify the `./src/pages/index.tsx` file to introduce a button that calls this function.
```

## 1. Modifying the Sway Contract

> To add a `decrement_counter` function to our Sway contract, we will modify the `./sway-programs/contract/src/main.sw` file.

Reviewer: See https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuels-ts/pull/2134#discussion_r1575541584

There are two steps when adding a new function to a Sway program. The first step is to specify the function's ABI.

Towards the top of the file, you will find the ABI section for the contract. Let's add a new function to it:

<<< @/../../create-fuels-counter-guide/sway-programs/contract/src/main.sw#create-fuels-counter-guide-abi{rust:line-numbers}

The second step is to implement the function.

We will add the implementation of the `decrement_counter` function right below the `increment_counter` function.

<<< @/../../create-fuels-counter-guide/sway-programs/contract/src/main.sw#create-fuels-counter-guide-impl{rust:line-numbers}

## 2. Modifying the Frontend

We will now add a new button to the frontend that will call the `decrement_counter` function when clicked. To do this, we will modify the `./src/pages/index.tsx` file.

First, we will add a function called `onDecrementPressed` similar to the `onIncrementPressed` function:

<<< @/../../create-fuels-counter-guide/src/pages/index.tsx#create-fuels-counter-guide-on-decrement-react-function{ts:line-numbers}

> Second, we will add a new button to the UI that will call the `onDecrementPressed` function when clicked:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Secondly, we will add a new button to the UI that will call the `onDecrementPressed` function when clicked:
```
